Update status of Custom Assertion Handler feature (#1838)
oneapi-src/oneTBB: rfcs/supported/assertion_handler/README.md

    //! New function not present in TBB 2020, following std::get_terminate pattern.
    assertion_handler_type get_assertion_handler() noexcept;
#endif
}}}
```

> Applications that used the custom assertion handler in TBB 2020 can migrate to this proposal with no changes
> after manual injection of namespace `oneapi::tbb::ext` to namespace `tbb`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Applications that used the custom assertion handler in TBB 2020 can migrate to this proposal with minimal changes
by adding the `set_assertion_handler` function name to `namespace tbb`:
namespace tbb {
    using oneapi::tbb::ext::set_assertion_handler;
}
```

> after manuall injection of namespace `oneapi::tbb::ext` to namespace `tbb`.

Reviewer 2: A typo:
```suggestion
after manual injection of namespace `oneapi::tbb::ext` to namespace `tbb`.
```

value before including oneTBB headers will disable the extension: these declarations will be excluded from
the public API, and the library will always use the default assertion behavior.

The availability of the extension can be checked with `TBB_EXT_CUSTOM_ASSERTION_HANDLER` macro. The value of it
will be increased after adding of incompatibe changes. The macro is available after inclusion of

> `oneapi/tbb/version.h` header.

Reviewer: I would not limit version increases to incompatible changes. Any modification of the API might deserve an increase of the macro value, so that the code can check if it can use these modifications.

Also, if we follow the C++ model for feature test macros, it should be available via both the feature header and the version header. Sorry if that was not clear in my previous comment.
